OpenPGP Certification Policy
--- Version 0.1.0 (Released 2014-12-12)

Signatures which refer to this policy are made observing the
conditions listed in this document.

In the following, a new, to-be-certified identity/key binding is simply
referred to as "new binding". It binds a "claimed identity" package to
an "associated key".

The conditions depend on the specified signature type and are:
(In the order of increasing verification intensity.)

===
1. Persona Certification (type: 0x11, GnuPG¹: 1)
===
a) the claimed identity is obviously not a real world identity
   but a persona or pseudonym AND
b) the certifier received a matching fingerprint of the associated key over a
   trustworthy communication channel (e.g. a OTR-protected XMPP session)
   through which the certifier already re-identified the person which the
   certifier got to know by that persona.


===
2. Casual Certification (type 0x12, GnuPG¹: 2)
===
Alternative 1: face-to-face contact
a) The person showed an official document² (e.g. passport) to the certifier
   which included a photo that depicted the presenter,
b) the name in the presented document corresponded to the name in the
   claimed identity AND
c) the person showed me a fingerprint of the associated key that
   matches the fingerprint of my copy of the associated key.

Alternative 2: re-certification of new keys
a) The certifier previously certified a binding under the conditions of this
   type or type 3 which claimed exactly the same identity,
b) the new binding is certified by the key associated to that
   previously certified binding AND
c) that old key has neither expired nor has it been publicly revoked
   before.


===
3. Positive certification (type 0x13, GnuPG¹: 3)
===
a) Having face-to-face contact, the person showed me two official
   document² (e.g. passport, driver licence) whereof at least one
   included a photo that depicted the presenter,
b) the name in the presented documents corresponded to the name in the
   claimed identity AND
c) the person showed me a fingerprint of the associated key that
   matches the fingerprint of my copy of the associated key.


===
General conditions
===
1) The certifier didn't publish the certification itself, but sent it to the
   address given in the claimed identity after it has been encrypted with the
   associated public key.


---
¹ GnuPG can denote the signature types with this numbers in the
  output of the --list-signs option.
² Persons who are known to the certifier by the claimed name for more than 10
  years and with whom the certifier has frequent personal contact may not have
  shown any documents for it would be somehow ridiculous, wouldn't it?

See RFC 4880, Sections 5.2.1 and 5.2.3.20 for further details about
